---
layout: post
title: Rebirth
---

Let me start out by saying you probably don't give a shit about this post.  But sometimes its about me, and not you, OK?  Let me just get this out so that we can move on to the real business at hand--fucking science fiction.

After much delay, debate, inner turmoil, and general slackery, I have decided to rebirth this site.  I started angrysfguy.com a couple years ago as a Tumblr site.  At the time, I had just finished my MA and after a short time was feeling the burning STD type of itch to write about SF.  I came on strong, but burned out fast.  I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do, and spent a lot of time trying to figure that out.  I built a house.  I got in shape.  I got established in a new job.  I started a novel.  I read--a LOT (holy shit, read for fun?).  Angry SF Guy kind of went away for awhile.

But now I'm back.  I'd appologize to all my readers, but I don't think I had any other than the very occasional tumblr reblog, usually on shitty pictures or memes.  I still like tumblr, and I'll probably mirror posts there occasionally, but I think it's tumblrness also contributed to my neglect.  I've moved to a whole new platform (which I will share about shortly in a meta post, since I think geekery and science fiction go together like Willis and Silverberg).  I've been doing a shit ton of reading, and refinding my love of SF outside the confines of academia, and I think I've got some interesting crap to throw out there.

So if you are like one of those three tumblr people who reblogged me once two years ago, thanks and I'm glad you've given me another chance!  If you're new, thanks for stopping by and I hope you give me the opportunity to post some non-shitty content that keeps you coming back for more (or not).

I'll be posting some of my non-junk content from the old Tumblr.  I'm also prepping some reviews and musings for recent works and topics.  

So we'll see how it goes from here!

-Angry SF Guy
